gh-141004: Document missing generator APIs (#141409)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/gen.rst

   with ``__name__`` and ``__qualname__`` set to *name* and *qualname*.
   A reference to *frame* is stolen by this function.  The *frame* argument
   must not be ``NULL``.

> .. c:function:: PyCodeObject *PyGen_GetCode(PyGenObject *gen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. c:function:: PyCodeObject* PyGen_GetCode(PyGenObject *gen)
```

   Return a new :term:`strong reference` to the code object wrapped by *gen*.
   This function always succeeds.

Asynchronous Generator Objects
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. seealso::
   :pep:`525`

.. c:var:: PyTypeObject PyAsyncGen_Type

   The type object corresponding to asynchronous generator objects. This is
   available as :class:`types.AsyncGeneratorType` in the Python layer.

   .. versionadded:: 3.6

.. c:function:: PyObject *PyAsyncGen_New(PyFrameObject *frame, PyObject *name, PyObject *qualname)

   Create a new asynchronous generator wrapping *frame*, with ``__name__`` and
   ``__qualname__`` set to *name* and *qualname*. *frame* is stolen by this
   function and must not be ``NULL``.

   On success, this function returns a :term:`strong reference` to the
   new asynchronous generator. On failure, this function returns ``NULL``
   with an exception set.

   .. versionadded:: 3.6

.. c:function:: int PyAsyncGen_CheckExact(PyObject *op)

>    Return true if *op* is an asynchronous generator object, false otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return non-zero if *op* is an asynchronous generator object, zero otherwise.
```

Author: We say "true" and "false" in this file (see `PyGen_Check*` above), and I'd rather be consistent.
